Eggs in a Basket (https://www.thekitchn.com/eggs-in-a-basket-recipe-23198166)

Out of all the ways to prepare eggs, none are as playful as eggs in a basket. 
There’s just something magical about an egg cooked inside a piece of toast that can instantly brighten 
any morning. And did I mention they also taste really, really good?

As simple as this dish is to make, there are a few techniques that will help you achieve a perfectly 
cooked egg inside a golden, buttery slice of toast every time. Here’s everything you need to know.

Garnish your eggs with fresh chives, then serve with classic breakfast fare: bacon, orange juice, 
and plenty of coffee. A bottle of hot sauce would be a good addition, too! 

INGREDIENTS
2 slices hearty sandwich bread (1/2- to 3/4-inch thick), such as sourdough, whole-wheat, or multigrain
3 tablespoons unsalted butter
2 large eggs
Kosher salt
Freshly ground black pepper
Chopped fresh chives, for garnish (optional)

EQUIPMENT
2- to 2 1/2-inch round cutter
Large nonstick skillet
Spatula

INSTRUCTIONS
Cut holes in the bread. Using a 2- to 2 1/2-inch round cutter (or the bottom of a small drinking glass), 
cut out the centers of 2 slices sandwich bread. Reserve the centers.
Melt the butter. Melt 3 tablespoons unsalted butter in a large nonstick skillet over medium-low heat. 
Swirl the pan as the butter melts to evenly coat the entire surface. You don’t want to brown the butter — 
just melt it. The pan is ready when the butter just starts to sizzle.
Toast the bread. Add the bread slices with the centers cut out, then nestle the bread rounds next to them. 
Cook until the bread is toasted and light golden-brown on the bottom, 3 to 4 minutes.
Add the eggs. Flip the slices and rounds over using a thin spatula. Crack 1 large egg into each hole. 
(It’s OK if some of the egg white seeps out from underneath the bread slice.) Season the eggs with kosher 
salt and several grinds of black pepper.
Cook the eggs. Cover the pan and cook until the egg whites are fully set, the yolk is still runny, and the 
other side of the bread is golden-brown, 3 1/2 to 4 1/2 minutes. Check the eggs after 3 minutes: 
If the bread is not browning, increase the heat. For hard-cooked egg yolks, cook for 5 to 5 1/2 minutes instead.
Serve immediately. Transfer the toasts and the cut-out rounds to a plate. Garnish with chopped chives, if using, 
and serve immediately.

Pizza Sticks (https://www.thecookierookie.com/pizza-on-a-stick/)

Pizza Sticks are a fun and creative way to eat pizza. 
Pepperoni pizza on a stick is the perfect snack or party appetizer!

PIZZA STICKS are so genius. Talk about an easy appetizer alert!! You know around here I have a thing for 
SIMPLE recipes that taste amazing and come together in a flash. This recipe for pepperoni PIZZA ON A STICK 
is fun, oh so easy, customizable, and loved by all. These are one of my favorite kid-friendly Super Bowl 
appetizers!

We chose to make our pizza sticks with pepperoni and basil, but you could layer on whatever toppings you 
love best. Pizza Sticks would be great for Super Bowl parties, holiday get togethers, or just a dinner at 
home with the kiddos. Adults and children will both love these and be asking for more!

Ingredients
1 package mini pepperoni slices
1 tube 13.8 oz. refrigerated pizza crust; Pillsbury works well
¼ cup unsalted butter melted
¾ teaspoon garlic salt
1 tablespoon chopped fresh basil
1 cup shredded Mozzarella cheese
¼ cup grated Parmesan cheese
1 cup Pizza sauce

Instructions
Soak 10 bamboo skewers in warm water at least 30 minutes or use metal skewers.
Preheat oven to 400°F and cover a baking sheet with aluminum foil. Spray the foil with cooking spray.
Unroll pizza dough onto a lightly floured countertop. Mix together melted butter, garlic salt & basil. 
Brush dough lightly with garlic basil butter.
Cut dough, lengthwise, into 1-inch wide strips.
Thread 5-7 mini pepperoni slices on each skewer. Be sure to leave enough space between each slice for the pizza dough.
Starting at one end of a dough strip, pierce the dough with the pointed end of the skewer. 
Spiral-wrap the dough strip around the pepperoni on the skewer, allowing the meat to peak through. 
Wrap the end of the dough strip around the bottom of the skewer to fasten. Press the dough together 
on each end to be sure it sticks on the skewer.
Place skewers on the prepared baking sheet and brush the tops with more of the garlic basil butter. 
Bake 10-12 minutes or until pizza dough is light golden brown.
Remove from oven and sprinkle with mozzarella cheese. Allow the cheese to melt 
(place back in the hot oven, if necessary) and serve with pizza sauce.

HAM AND CHEESE SLIDERS (https://www.the-girl-who-ate-everything.com/ham-cheese-sliders/)

Ham and Cheese Sliders are simple and crowd pleasing sandwiches great for dinner, lunch, or potlucks. 
Ham and melted Swiss cheese topped with a poppy seed butter sauce. For these Ham and Cheese Sliders you 
can use Hawaiian sweet rolls or any rolls you like.

I know what you are thinking…ham and cheese sliders; does that really require a recipe? The answer is 
YES it does.

These have so much flavor. Sure you have your classic ham and cheese sandwich as the base of the 
recipe but then you top it with a flavorful poppy seed sauce.

The sauce is a combo of Worcestershire sauce, onion, mustard, and butter that makes these 
anything but ordinary.

INGREDIENTS
24 white dinner rolls
24 pieces honey ham
24 small slices Swiss cheese
1/3 cup mayonnaise
1/3 cup miracle whip

Poppy seed sauce:
1 teaspoon poppy seeds
1 1/2 Tablespoons yellow mustard
1/2 cup butter, melted
1 Tablespoon minced onion
1/2 teaspoon Worcestershire sauce

INSTRUCTIONS
In a small bowl, mix together mayonnaise and miracle whip. Spread onto both sides of the center of each roll. 
Place a slice of ham and a slice of Swiss inside of each roll. Close rolls and place them into a large baking 
dish or heavy cookie sheet. Place very close together.

In a medium bowl, whisk together all of the poppy seed sauce ingredients. 
Pour evenly over all of the sandwiches. You do not have to use all of the sauce! Just use enough to cover the tops. 
Let sit 10 minutes or until butter sets slightly. Cover with foil and bake at 350 degrees for 12-15 minutes or until 
cheese is melted. Uncover and cook for 2 additional minutes or until tops are slightly brown and crispy. 
Serve warm. 
